and it is due to the student all right
we're gonna put the bookmark on the page
marked defaults
that's what we're doing now you want to
go through the ingredients and we'll
pull them up front here
yeah that's today all right from the top
from the top
chop me chop me looks like organic
chopped meat organic chopped meat
this looks like a little bit richer than
what we usually use which is the 80/20
maybe four slices of bread we got plenty
of bread and plenty bread to make
sandwiches the bread is gonna give it a
little bit more volume just kind of
lighten it up a little bit we're gonna
soak it in water the recipe calls for a
cup pour off any excess you know you get
the water in there you just start
working it squeezing the bread through
you know you want to basically get the
bread so that it becomes like a paste
then you're gonna do a quarter cup of
pecorino romano grated what's our next
ingredient down the ingredient the
garlic close call close so three garlic
cloves we're just going to peel them
very simply take the skin off and then
mince them fine what's our next
ingredient while I'm doing this let's do
this people together let's peel the
garlic do it together yeah that's the
part of Goodfellas where they deal with
the razor so it disappears who would
really leave so thin you get so much you
get five sauces on a one garlic place
and we get the raisins in the pine nuts
in this recipe for it's like little
northern African influence crack the egg
in the bowl you could crack it stayed
over on top but if you get a shell in
there or if the egg sour
he's grew up all those ingredients we're
gonna put our bread in there
and then we have half a cup of dry bread
crumbs so that thirty-two grinds 15
turns in the pepper bill 15 grinds
calculated many many many
times salt so there's a recipe called 1
and 1/2 teaspoons of fine sea salt there
we go and now parsley parsley yeah
look at you doing a pending on how fine
you chop it you can make it a quarter
cup yeah you want it to be a quarter cup
it will be a quarter cup before you know
it you don't want to over par see it
though do you want to do the honors of
why no I quit
I got I'm old throat I'm all wasted up
right now you're all blinged up throat I
mix them up so it'll mix it you got to
get Rick hands in there get your hands
in there and you gotta evenly mix it
well the wolf do you stand on no you
can't stand on it on will it hold you
know so we're using really good olive
oil here looks like it's fustian is he
looking for about a quarter of an inch
of olive oil shallow pan frying that's
the term so we just want to bring this
up slow like a nice medium heat even
says medium on this though alright so
we're ready to start forming some
meatballs the size of the actual
meatball is in the book that we built
was pretty plain the actual size stop
that sighs you know what a meatball
always makes people you think of
snowballs just have to see little
bubbles forming on the side you know I
make it so you can't flip them yeah I
see these directly so what we're looking
for is a little bit of brown a little
bit of crust a little bit of golden
basically a seal to keep the meatballs
together got a lot of BTUs I don't think
there's a lot of gas well on the old
we'll see it's like a tank
right but it has like a little
four-cylinder engine in it if you really
want to cook like in a restaurant style
you want to like gas coming out of those
Jets but you need to move so we're
saying wolf if you want to sit sign an
oven fear you know we're about you
slipping them you turn in those
when you hear the cranks and I subtract
one we play the Grateful Dead we're
making meatballs
how's it smell in here man it smells no
you know feeling it you're not smelling
it and the dogs are smelling it there's
nobody else is around here those dogs
are this on the door this is like a rare
meatball in the middle this is fine
exactly what you want it's like eating a
rare hamburger now what you're gonna do
okay
eating time boy the crews going to
really like the leftovers